We've now spent a pretty good amount of time learning about gnats.
And I would say that you pretty much know the basics of what you need to know to really make use of
it inside of some application.
Now, at this point, I want to take a look at the code that we've written out inside this listener
file in the publisher file.
And I just want to point out that there is a lot of boilerplate inside of here to just get to the point
where we can actually receive a message and do something with it.
So in total, we essentially have 42 lines of code where only just about one line, really just this
right here has some logic related to really running some information or processing some incoming event.
This line really is the only one where we receive some event data and do something with it.
So it took us 41 lines to get one line of essentially business logic put together.
Now eventually we're going to have a lot of listeners inside of our application.
There are going to be many different kinds of events we have to listen to.
And as you can imagine, we do not want to write out this entire 41 lines of setup for every different
event that we're going to try to deal with.
So with that in mind.
Starting this video.
We're going to try to refactor a lot of this logic around publishing and receiving messages to make
it a lot easier to publish and receive.
We're going to write out an initial implementation to make all the stuff a lot easier inside of this
test project that we're currently working on.
And eventually we're going to move all this logic over to our common module so we can use it across
all of our different services.
Let's first begin by getting a better idea of exactly how we're going to make this stuff more reusable
in nature.
So we're going to first begin on the listener side of things.
We're going to create a class called Listener.
This is going to be an abstract class.
Remember, abstract classes are not meant to be used directly.
Instead, we're going to subclass them in order to use them.
I'll show you more and what that means in just a moment.
Right now, let's just take a look at the properties that we're going to define inside this class.
The entire goal of class is to essentially automate as much of all this stuff as possible.
So inside this class, we're going to have a property called SUBJECT.
This is going to be a string that's going to be the name of the channel that we're going to listen to.
We're going to have an on message function.
This is where we're going to actually run our business logic or implement the business logic.
We're going to make sure that our class listener receives a stan client to use to listen for incoming
events and whatnot.
We're going to make sure this thing has a cute group name.
We're going to make sure that it has an equate property.
We discussed the goal of this manual act mode right here, and as we saw there is that automatic 32nd
time out.
But it turns out that when we create the subscription, we can also customize that 30 seconds.
So we might for some listeners want to customize that equate down to maybe 5 seconds or so.
So we'll make sure that we add in some properties just to allow ourselves to customize that window of
how long we have to acknowledge an incoming message.
We'll make a method that's going to make it a lot easier to create these options right here.
So essentially just wrap up those lines of code.
We'll have a listen method, which is where we're going to actually set up our subscription.
And then finally, a helper method that will call parse message that is going to take a look at the
incoming message.
Figure out what kind of data is inside there and parse it in some way.
So essentially like this right here, more or less where we pulled out the data and then we figured
out whether or not that data was a string or a buffer and eventually parse that data into actual object
from the string or the JSON that is.
So I'm very purposefully just going through these properties very quickly right now because once we
start writing some code, they will all make a lot more sense.
Lastly, I want to mention is what we really mean by abstract class and why these two properties are
labeled as abstract.
So the real idea here is that we're not going to use the class listener directly.
Instead, we are going to subclass this listener into things like ticket created listener and order
updated listener.
And then inside these subclasses, we're going to put together some different options to make sure that
it listens specifically for, say, a ticket created event or in order updated event.
So in other words, we're going to customize the subject that we're listening to in the subclass, and
we're also going to customize the on message method inside the subclass as well to make sure that when
we receive some event inside of a ticket created versus order updated, we can do some business logic
or do some appropriate processing for it to get created event or in order updated event.
So that's the general idea.
So for right now, really just going to focus on creating class listener.
We'll then take a look at how we can somehow subclass it into something that's more usable.
Okay, quick pause right here.
Let's start putting this thing together in just a moment.